Testing section (#1633)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/typescript/how-to-run-an-activity-in-typescript.md

---
id: how-to-run-an-activity-in-typescript
title: How to Run an Activity when testing in isolation in TypeScript
sidebar_label: Run an Activity when testing in isolation

> description: Run an Activity when testing in isolation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Use `MockActivityEnvironment.run()` to run a function in an Activity Context.
```

tags:
  - developer-guide
  - sdk
  - typescript
---

First, create a [`MockActivityEnvironment`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/testing.MockActivityEnvironment). The constructor accepts an optional partial Activity [`Info`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/activity.Info) object in case any info fields are needed for the test.

> Then use [`MockActivityEnvironment.run()`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/testing.MockActivityEnvironment#run) to run a function in an Activity [Context](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/activity.context).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then use [`MockActivityEnvironment.run()`](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/testing.MockActivityEnvironment#run) to run a function in an Activity [Context](https://typescript.temporal.io/api/classes/activity.Context).
```
